---
layout: post
title: January 6th, 2024
date: 2024-01-06
---
As of now 12:03pm, there is nothing highlight of my day but I am grateful that I woke up healthy without any nightmare. I hit the gym and had biceps and deltoids (// word choice). i know it sounds stupid but yesterday I googled Mallory on the internet. I actually learned about her last name from UKG Classic, a cross-platform application, used for taking paid time-off, pay check and more. 

Lets do some calculations on how much I made in 2023:

Gross pay: $35,661.98
Taxes: $6,444.04
Deductions: $25.00
Net pay: $29,192.94

Pay statements 2023
Hours: 1824

#Python
hours = 1824
days = hours / 24
days

Result
76

It is a simple snippet code in Python for calculating hours into days.

This is how much my life worth it on 2023. It is sad and disheartening. But remember I spent over $14,500.00 between November and January. It was the biggest mistake of my life. I never learned how to manage my time and resources. My mom always advised me that I should have spend less and save for later. I didn’t know what she meant at that time... I have noticed my mistake and learned the lesson but it in a heavy price of losing that amount of money which I could have done a lot of things. My life would have been much easier now. I have been raised in believing that money does not buy happiness. But looking back, I realize it really buys lots of things. It buys the tools that gives us joy and happiness. Maybe those who was thinking like that have been spoiled at once like me. They might have gained a large sum of money at once and did not know what to do with it. Therefore, they spent it on things rather than on values. 
Values? That conveys a heavy definition. when you add value to something, it won’t be taken away. Not because you do something but you run the whole show. 

Going back to hours spent working in 2023... I can do better .. I am not the current situation person... I can be better ... and better! 

Imagine I sold 1824 hours of my life to Twenty-nine thousands one-hundred ninety two and ninety four-cents. 
