---
layout: post
title: January 4rd
date: 2024-01-04
---

In the past couple of days, the weather is nice. What I mean by nice is that it is cloudy, little chilly and breezing. The PERFECT definition of pretty weather! It gives me nostalgia-sort of thing, the one which I never felt before. Interestingly I never had so much experience with such type of weather. I was born and raised in a country where over 90% of its population suffers from poverty. and the majority of them are unable to read and write. Mostly the afternoons were sunny and dry and the nights were chilly and (not word).  People had so much things on their plates to think about. 
When I was a kid, I was dreaming of walking under the cloudy waters late at afternoon. Sounds funny but it was my childish dream. 
As of I was sitting on my desk writing my daily journal, I felt that i needed to use the bathroom quickly.

I had breakfast but still feeling hungry. I haven’t smoked as of yet and it is already 09:40am. I realized that no matter how much pre-workout you take before hitting gym, if you don’t smoke a blunt, my good friend called it rocket,  Although the new supplement gives energy to exercise for at least 40 minutes, but still I don’t feel it is the best one. Or maybe my expectation is so high. 

After breakfast, I went to barber shop to trim my hair and beard. I looked ugly lol... long messy beard and hair doesn’t suit me. My barber is a Chinese citizen, he is nice, little different than the rest of his co-workers. For some reason, I always ended up trimming my hair by him. I even don’t know his name. Or maybe he’ve told me and I forgot. “How was your New Year?”, 

It is the fourth day of the year, but I am still struggling to keep up with my online class. However, today I received an email from PVCC, the community college in our town, that I maybe eligible	for financial aid. The classes are online, twice a week. After speaking with my academic advisor, I took only two classes for now. I would definitely add another one as the semester goes on. 

 The interesting point is that we sow what we reap. 

A wise one once said, if you read a thousand books, your words flow like river. That hit hard.. although I never had the experience of writing about anything. Be it life, pain, purpose, love, the list goes on.  I have to confess that I know myself my mind could understand lots of things but when it comes to practice, I get ZERO!!!
I have tried it many times and had the same result. 
Since then I am looking for purpose in life, or what do I really want  in life. The question which I cannot found answer by age 33. Speaking of age, next week its my birthday, I turn 34. THIRTY-FOUR f word years- one third of my life.  

I am kind of person who leans toward pessimistic.  when an idea hits me, I am wired to think first the negative side of it. i don’t maybe it is the human nature. Maybe I am not wrong. I question my sanity. Sometimes I feel I am on top of everything. Sometimes quite the opposite. there is so much thoughts in my head. It comes in waves when I am stoned. i feel like there are many tabs open in my mind, thinking about lots of things simultaneously. The time becomes slow and objects surrounding feels animated. 
