---
layout: post
title: "My Journal"
date: 2025-12-20
---

How am I viewing the beginning of this year as a fresh start?
Like  Another Day! 

It is the First Day of 2024. I am sitting in front of my setup and try to come up with new goals and challenges for the New Year. But I am stuck ... A part of my mind says that I should keep up with the Cloud Computing Course and also persuade PVCC thing. But the other half tells me that I should look for something new. CONFUSED!!!

Day 1:

Delete anything that districts you from your goal. Slow down, take one step at a time. 

Sometimes I think I am one of the most confusing person in the world. I have said that a lot before and. Saying it now. Sometimes I even doubt that whether I know myself?
 Maybe this is true in my case... when I look myself in the mirror I see unhappy face with so many things to say.. something he is missing what I am doing with my life????//


God help me .............

List of things I appreciate in my life ...

Family
Money
Friends
Books read
Healthy body ... I sometimes forget to be grateful of being healthy. 
Memories made
Ms. Lynda ... she is ready to help-type person. Help without any expectations. There are very few people like her in this world. Or maybe I am not into contact with mostly with those type. Hmmm!!!
My house with its features
￼

WHAT DO I WANT IN LIFE? THAT’S THE MAIN QUESTION ...
Since the beginning of mankind, I have been thinking that people are born withinsecurities and self doubts. Many in this routine felt the same as me.
What is wrong with those type of people. Aer they wrong or we are in different phases. 

	Different things happens for a reason ... the same reason happens for different reasons. That is an awkward way of saying that. Everything written is bullshit and nothing else. To look smart, we pretends to be smart. 

Looking for factors that made me the person who I am now. 

The other day I was scrolling between applications and saw one of MrBeast’s video: a kid in Africa asks him ... “what is the secret to success?” He said, if you find you what you love and do it constantly, eventually it let you to success. That hit me hard!!!


GOALS 2024

Finish CS50 certification (MIND);
Exercise 5-days a week(BODY);
Pray (at least 2x a day); SOUL
Read 30-mins book *everyday (Kindle) + ...
Switch job in next 2-3 months!

Daily Schedule
Exercise. Eat healthy. Sleep little. Pray with heart.
Study 2-hours CS
Communicate with family ( Priority first with mom)
Sit for 10-mins without doing anything

Today I’m taking a serious decision of my life. Limiting my communication with people. For some reason, I have also believed that I am not made for socializing with people. I love books, cats and few people! 

How to break down all the big challenges to smaller pieces.  
